fix: make debug-mode work with global rule (#3023)
apache/apisix: doc/architecture-design.md

hello world
```

If the information can be delivered via HTTP response header, for example, the plugin is in stream
subsystem, the information will be logged in the error log with `warn` level.

### Advanced Debug Mode

> Enable advanced debug mode by modifying the configuration in `conf/debug.yaml` file. Because there will have a check every second, only the checker reads the `#END` flag, and the file would consider as closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable advanced debug mode by modifying the configuration in `conf/debug.yaml` file. Because there will be a check every second, only the checker reads the `#END` flag, and the file would be considered as closed.
```

Author: Updated
